wip: use exactly_n and exactly_one from salt.utils.data (#58708)
saltstack/salt: changelog/58708.md

> **fixed:**
> 
> Code maintenance replacing usage of `botomod._exactly_one` with `salt.utils.data.exactly_one`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replaced usage of `botomod._exactly_one` with `salt.utils.data.exactly_one`.
```

Author: Submitted a PR to deprecate these instead of removing them: https://github.com/saltstack/salt/pull/58741

Reviewer: @major0 should we go ahead and close this PR then?
